feat(flags): Handle flags enabled at build time (#205)
cozy/cozy-libs: packages/cozy-flags/README.md

}

```

### Flags enabled at build time

> It is possible to handle flags enabled at build time. Your app should just

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to enable flags at build time. Your app should just
```
